============
magpie 0.1.0
============

Thanks!
=======
First and foremost, thanks to everyone who helped build this release. You can
see `the list of contributors here`_.

New Features
============

Star / Unstar Notes
-------------------
Starring a note will put it at the top of the list of notes in the right side
menu. Starred notes are sorted alphabetically. Notes that haven't been starred
are also sorted alphabetically, but appear underneath the sorted list of starred
notes.

Starred notes are stored in cookies, so if you use more than one device to
access magpie, and you don't sync your browser data, starred notes won't move
with you.

Choose Listening Address
------------------------
In magpie's config, you can now specify what address magpie listens on, rather
than just localhost only, or all addresses. To listen on all address now, set
the IP to 0.0.0.0.

Unicode Notebook / Note Names
-----------------------------
You can now create notes and notebooks with unicode in their names.
Unfortunately, there appears to be a bug with colons in filenames.

Config Locations
----------------
In addition to the location inside the magpie install, and ~/.magpie, if you
have a config file in the directory you launch magpie from, magpie will read
from that config file, instead of the other two. The order of preference is:

* . (current working directory when you launched magpie)
* ~/.magpie
* /<path to magpie install>/config/

Bug Fixes
=========

Unicode Search
--------------
You can now search for unicode strings w/o 500 errors.

Can't launch magpie / Sphinx error
----------------------------------
`Sphinx was causing problems for some people.`_ Since it is only a requirement
for building the documentation, it was removed from ``requirements.txt``, so it
should no longer be an issue (magpie will no longer try to install it when you
``pip install magpie``).

Potential / Known Bugs
----------------------
* As noted above, magpie doesn't seem to like colons in notebook names or note
  names.

* Neither of the utils has been updated with unicode support. They may or may
  not continue to work. Please open an issue if you are using either of them,
  and 0.1.0 breaks something for you.

.. _the list of contributors here: https://github.com/charlesthomas/magpie/blob/master/docs/contributing.rst#thanks
.. _Sphinx was causing problems for some people.: https://github.com/charlesthomas/magpie/issues/12
